opsgenie-create-alert Tags arg to list (#32616)
demisto/content: Packs/OpsGenie/ReleaseNotes/2_0_23.md

#### Integrations

##### OpsGenie v3

> - Fixed an issue where **opsgenie-create-alert** failing when using **Tags** argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **opsgenie-create-alert** failed when provided with the Tags argument.
```
